Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're excited to be here.
We have a lot to talk about and pray about tonight.
First off, I want to tell you a cool testimony.
This testimony was a shock and awe to me, but of course we all know that Jesus is wonderful.
Several weeks ago, the Lord instructed me to go over to this gentleman's house, and He said, "I want you to go over and I want you to pray for him because the arteries of his heart are clogged and he doesn't know it.
There's a blockage.
" And He said, "I want you to go over and lay hands on him because in the natural, his heart is about ready to have a heart attack.
" I had a vision where the Lord showed me his wife was a widow.
She was alone and they're not that old.
I mean, they're not elder elders, but they're not old.
I don't even think they're old enough to be my mom and my dad, do you?
No.
So, the Lord warned me about this man and He said, "I want you to go over there and pray for him.
" Well, when I was there, I said, "I'm not trying to scare you, but this is what the Lord is telling me.
So, I want to pray for you.
Is it okay if I pray for you?
" Because I'm not just going to lay hands on anyone who doesn't want me to pray for them.
But he asked me when I walked in.
He said, "Brandon, I felt inside that maybe you could pray for something that I'm having a need of.
" And I said, "Well, okay.
" He said, "I have two hernias in my body that are pretty severe, and I'm scheduled to have surgery.
" I believe it was a couple of weeks out.
And he said, "But I'm believing that if you pray for me and we agree together, that I'll be healed.
" Because certain people know that the Lord has put healing in my hands.
I don't make it a widely known thing.
I know the Lord told me when Ralph Wilkerson touched my hands and he said, "These hands are going to have fire in them.
" He touched my hands, he touched the palm of each one of my hands, and he said, "I'm putting a double portion of the anointing on my life on you.
" This is Ralph Wilkerson at Melodyland Christian Center.
Back in 2001 he did this.
Ever since then, my hands get hot with fire, but I never know when it's going to happen when I'm praying for somebody.
Sometimes it's like touching a cold stove.
In this situation, he said, "Will you please pray for me for these hernias?
" And I was like, "Okay, well, I came here to pray for your heart.
The Lord told me about your heart.
" And he goes, "Wow.
" I could see he was kind of concerned about it on his face, but I didn't want to make a big deal out of it or let him know what I saw in the spirit, which was that this man was about to die.
And so I prayed for him.
I put his hand on his groin area and I put my hand on top because it's awkward—I'm not going to touch a man like that.
I prayed for him a prayer of faith and I laid hands on him.
I didn't hear anything, just like it was with the man with the lungs who got healed and got two brand-new lungs.
The doctor told him he was going to die and he needed a lung transplant.
Anybody knows that story?
I've told it before.
Well, a couple of weeks go by and my wife got a text from his wife.
She said, "Good morning.
I have to share a prayer report with you.
My husband has been going to doctors for over two years.
He was diagnosed with double hernias and they have been waiting on him to have surgery.
He's been putting it off and had so much stress about having surgery for quite some time.
He went again to a new doctor last month, right after he asked Brandon to pray for him.
He had several tests and ultrasounds again.
The results came back yesterday.
It's a total answer to prayer.
I had to share below a picture of the report findings.
" The power of God touched him; the hernias are completely gone, both of them.
And the doctor said, "You don't have to have surgery.
All the hernia and all the evidence of the hernia, even through the ultrasound, is completely gone.
" And he had had this and he was suffering.
It hurt; he said it was very uncomfortable.
Of course, he had two major hernias and they had scheduled him six weeks out from having the surgery because he was like, "I'm just going to go ahead and do it.
" So the power of God touched him and I was just giving all the glory to the Lord for it.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I went over there to give him the word about the heart and Jesus touches the hernias that were bothering him.
I thought, we are in the last days.
I talked to my friend Billy Burke today.
I love that man.
I know for a fact what the Lord has shown me about his ministry and what's going to happen in the days ahead with great signs and wonders, even more than what he already walks in.
But I know whenever the Lord told me "cross-pollination," when you start talking to people that walk underneath an anointing and you sow into their ministry and you believe by faith, it's a covenant.
You start giving and you start believing.
I already know what the Lord has told me, that I'll walk in healings, but I don't know when it's going to come on like that full-time.
All I know is the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm going to use you one day with this and I'll use Diana with you.
" And even Billy has given Diana words about how she'll pray for babies that are dead in the womb—where the mother has gotten a bad report of a baby that has been diagnosed as not alive anymore—and the power of God, by laying hands on the mother, is going to raise that baby from the dead.
I truly believe that in the resurrection power of the Lord Jesus.
I was so excited for him that he doesn't have to have surgery now and that he got such a great report.
I don't want things like that to ever just bypass you; I want to always stay in awe of Jesus for what He's done in these last days.
Oh, Father, thank you.
And like He said, "Brandon, never take a miracle for granted.
Never look at it as insignificant when I touch somebody.
For when there are so many miracles that are about to take place, don't become familiar with my glory.
Don't become familiar with what I'm doing in ministry.
" I know beyond a shadow of a doubt.
I've seen dogs raised from the dead.
I've seen people carrying an oxygen tank behind them, completely grayed out on the verge of death.
I've laid hands on them and God gave them two brand-new lungs.
They came back.
The doctor said, "We're taking you off the donor's list," completely healed by the power of God.
They were delivered after they sprayed Roundup on the ground for 40-some years for the city and breathing in all those chemicals every single day destroyed their lungs.
He had an oxygen tank and ran up to me saying, "I've been healed.
" I just came back to tell you.
I didn't know who he was because he wasn't ashy-looking.
His skin had pigment.
He looked great and I'll never forget it.
I thought, "Wow, Jesus.
" As I went back into some of the things the Lord has shown us about healings and things that are about to take place, I thought of "can these bones live?
" and the dead in Christ rising first.
He said, "Randy, you don't realize that all that which remains will be caught up.
You don't know there's a little bit of a gap there.
" There's a lot of people that talk about creation—that whenever God made the earth, there's a gap between the verses, between "let" and how the dinosaurs ruled in that time frame.
I think Rick Renner teaches it.
I'll butcher it; I am not a theological Greek person, but I know Rick Renner does that and he is very gifted at it.
He talks about creation and the gap.
Dr.
Carl Baugh, I believe, is who it was.
I remember hearing him one day talking about the gap.
But I was just trying to encourage you all that God's moving, shaking, and doing things.
I have such an anticipation for these last days and what God's about to do.
Billy was saying he was believing God to have a meeting here at the Mabee Center.
Who would be interested?
Let us know in the comments down below when you're on that live.
Can you tell us if we had a meeting at ORU and we rented out the Mabee Center, would you come?
I'm just curious before I take money and invest in it.
Would you come?
Would you like to have a healing meeting?
I'll be there and I'll have to have security, but Billy Burke's going to do the services.
I'll be sitting in the congregation supporting him, praying, and enjoying the service.
I won't be speaking, but I believe in my friend and the anointing on his life; I believe in the gift.
It touches me.
After Megan went to Eufaula, she no longer has plays in her periods; Jesus is touching her.
That's why I get so many little nuggets from people.
I always try to be a friend to authentic people that really truly love the Lord.
I just wanted to throw that out there.
I didn't know if there's anybody who would be interested in having a meeting, coming to Tulsa, and doing the Mabee Center at ORU.
It holds 3,500 people.
I wonder if we could fill it.
I just truly believe we could.
I believe there's going to be something.
The Lord said, "It'll be a dome of glory there.
It's going to be a time of glory over you.
" I thought, "What if this is the beginning of it?
" because Billy brought it up to me today.
He said, "It's been on my heart, Brandon.
I've been praying about it.
" He asked, "What do you feel?
" I thought I'll pray about it, too.
Let's do this.
So, if you're interested and you put it in the comments, if you think, "Hey, I'd like to come to Tulsa and have a healing revival," let's do it.
I thought what a time that would be to have it.
He said, "I don't want to do it at a church or hotel.
Maybe we could do it there at ORU.
" So, we'll have to look into it and see if ORU would let us do it.
I don't think we would fill up the Mabee Center there yet at 10,000, but I believe we could really fill up the 3,500.
So, maybe I might need to stretch my faith that big.
I just know that people are hungry and maybe you would want to be a part of it.
I'll bring that to you, and if you're interested, let us know.
Also, I just want to say from the last video, I apologize for my attitude.
I apologize for how I said the word and told everybody they could go to heck and the attitude that I had.
The Lord really got onto me after it was over and said, "You don't represent me like that.
You don't talk that way.
" I'm ashamed of that.
I just want to tell you I apologize for how I handled that.
I get under pressure, and it's like I told Billy.
He said, "Brandon, it's okay.
You were just ankle-deep that day.
" We go from glory to glory.
We go from ankle-deep to knee-deep to waist-deep to over the head.
Just in that day, in that moment, my toes weren't even wet.
I said, "You're being generous.
I wasn't ankle-deep.
My toes weren't even wet, brother.
I was all in the flesh.
" But I just wanted to ask you all to forgive me for being an idiot.
I appreciate it.
We're all a work in progress and Brandon still has issues.
I work through things; I have things I get over with anger, yelling, and getting mad at stupid people on the road.
You have to just calm yourself down and get in the Word more.
It's like he said, when you're going through life and the devil's tempting you to get in the flesh, the only way he gets you is if you're empty.
Let your full fight for you.
The only way you're able to resist the devil is your word level and your spirit level—being filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, being word and spirit.
There's too much "word of faith" where it's out of kilter and you don't add the Spirit to it where you flow with the Holy Ghost and have the Word.
You can't just be totally Word and you can't just be totally Holy Spirit; you get flaky.
You have to have a balance.
He instructed me: "As people that have temptations with anger, getting upset, or acting out...
" I get all kinds of messages: "Brandon, I'm dealing with addictions, drugs, alcohol, pornography, or lust.
" It's a sign of being ankle-deep.
We must stay filled in these last days.
That was what the Lord was showing me even more today: "Brandon, you get low on the Word.
" The less you are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, the more you don't stay full.
Let your full fight for you.
The more you stay full, the more you can submit yourself unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
I just want to encourage everybody.
The problem is if we don't know the truth, the truth won't set us free.
The more you know the truth of God's Word, the truth will set you free.
The entrance of His Word brings forth light.
The light is illuminating; it brings forth that Holy Ghost and fire as you're reading the pages of this beautiful book.
It becomes life and rhema knowledge over your mind the more you meditate on the Word of God.
It will change you from the inside out.
The fuller you get of God's Word, when you submit yourself unto God and you resist the devil, he will flee from you.
But you have to learn that you have to get in that Word and yield yourself.
How much do you need the Holy Spirit today?
I need you.
I depend on you.
The moment you put your foot out of the bed onto the carpet: "I need you.
Fill me.
" You have to stay in that place of being filled.
In these last days, you don't understand where we're headed.
You don't understand the "shaking to awaken" that we're about to experience in this generation.
The Lord said very sobering days are coming.
But if you understand Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 and you understand how to be filled with the Holy Ghost to the overflow—not just being weird, but surrendering all to him.
Surrender all to him today and say, "I need you.
" The moment you recognize that you need him, you realize our dependency on him.
I can't do this without you.
I'm sold out to Jesus.
When you talk to elders and people who have lived ministry for a long time—years and years, more than I've been alive—and you talk to people that are still going, you learn from people that have fruit, that are still going strong in their almost 80s.
You go, "Hey, there's something more to what you're saying.
I've got to learn this.
" Stay full.
Stay full.
There are so many times that you say, "Well, I'm dealing with this.
I'm dealing with that.
I can't get over this.
" Call those things that be not as though they were.
But the only way you do that is knowing who you are in Christ and by sitting at His feet and basking in His presence on a day-to-day basis.
I told you Jesus said, "It is written, Satan, man shall not live by bread, but every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the Father.
" When the devil tried to tempt Him, "Turn this stone into bread, Jesus," but Jesus dealt with flesh just like every single one of us.
Jesus was man; He was God created in flesh.
But He dealt with temptations, heartache, and pain.
Billy said people don't want to talk about John 7.
I remember what the verse was—he talked about how Jesus had to flee because the religious people were trying to kill Him.
He had to flee for a season, and he said a lot of people won't want to talk about that, but the Bible clearly says that Jesus had to go away because it wasn't His time yet.
They tried to kill Him before His time.
He talks about it because I was talking about having to hire security and all this stuff.
I said, "Is that fear?
" And he's like, "Brandon, no, I think it's wisdom.
" So, I'm hiring full-time security.
I've got people that are—what was it?
Is it this one?
No, not the Tested Son.
Okay, that's when Jesus was tested in the wilderness.
I don't remember; I'll have to ask him again.
I'm sorry, I believe it's John 7.
But he talked about how Jesus had to leave certain areas because they were trying to kill Him, and He's the Son of God.
It was interesting because it was in the Bible, and he said there are certain verses that have always challenged me.
I think about what he says, and I go, "Yeah.
" What I'm trying to tell you is that Jesus had stuff He was working through just like we do.
As perfect and awesome as He was, Jesus had to deal with flesh just like us.
He had to say, "Hey, listen, Satan.
You're not going to tempt me.
You get out of here.
" And the only way—He didn't pray the devil away.
He didn't sit there and go, "Well, I'm going to pray to God to handle this," or "I've got to go into a 30-day fast praying in tongues.
" He spoke to him: "It is written.
" It was the word that came out of Jesus's mouth that got rid of the devil—the Holy Ghost in Him flowing the word of God.
He submitted himself unto God, he resisted the devil, and he fled.
Everything that Jesus did, we can do.
As He is, so are we in this world.
We are made in His image.
He was tempted on everything and every level, but He was sinless.
If He can go sinless staying full of the word of God, that means He wouldn't tell us we could do something that was impossible.
He did it.
How did He do it?
He stayed full.
Acting out in anger?
He didn't have problems with this.
Why?
Because He stayed full.
The moment the tempter came to try to destroy—and He was in the wilderness for that time and having a weak moment—He was full enough to say, "It is written, Satan.
Get out of here.
" Every single time, He was victorious.
And how He was able to remain that purified life was staying full with the Spirit of God and the Word.
He kept himself submitted, going vertical continually.
He didn't go horizontal; he stayed vertical.
He was always saying, "I don't do anything unless I'm instructed to by the Father.
I only say what the Father tells me to say.
" He was always staying vertical.
He was staying full.
That's where we have to be.
If Jesus did it, I'm going to mirror my life after Him.
Yesterday, my toes weren't even wet.
I wasn't even halfway full.
I had a rough day.
I talked to my mom, had family stuff I was dealing with, and by the time I came on live, I was already empty.
I should not have talked about certain things yesterday.
I shouldn't have done certain things, but I did.
By the time I got on here, you embarrass yourself by not staying full.
So, I'm trying to tell y'all: stay full.
Stay full.
Keep yourself underneath those wings.
That's the only way you're going to make it in these last days.
It's like listening to that still, small voice on the inside.
He won't yell; He'll guide us.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
I'm going to keep myself in that place in the cleft of the rock, keeping myself in His hand, listening to Him, and saying, "Father, I need you.
I'm staying vertical.
We attract to deflect.
" I want to encourage y'all today that Jesus is still healing people.
I've got the testimony.
Maybe I'll have him on one day and he can testify to you himself, tell you how Jesus healed him of two hernias.
It's amazing to hear people that I know and that we lay hands on.
Was it Brandon that healed him?
No, it was Jesus.
He can use any one of us.
But it was a moment that He said, "Hey, I want to flow through you today.
" I'm so grateful that He did.
Isn't that awesome?
So stay full.
It's time to stay full.
To the ones that have reached out saying they want to be my security—and you've said you'll move your family here from all over—we've had several emails today from people who want to be security for me.
You are ex-military, Special Forces, all kinds of stuff.
I appreciate the offer.
We'll look over it.
My wife and I will pray about it, and if I have a peace, I'll reach out to you.
I want to know your credentials, what kind of background you have—military, law enforcement, whatever you may have—and how you know Jesus.
I'm not going to have an unbeliever around me.
If you know the Holy Ghost, are baptized in the Holy Ghost, and you are on fire and can hear Him and are discerning—if there's some danger around and you feel in your spirit, "Hey, there's something here, Brandon"—I believe it.
I take no counsel from the ungodly in any area of my life.
You could be the best trained military operative in the whole world, but if you don't hear the voice of the Lord in these last days and you can't tell me, "I feel the Holy Ghost inside of me telling me there's danger," then I won't even look your direction.
I need to verify it.
I'll hear by the Holy Ghost who is hearing the Lord in these last days.
I have a budget.
I'm believing God for the money to do all this, setting it aside for security to be with me to do these meetings and the things I feel the Lord has called me to do to make sure my family is safe.
So, if you have a military background and you're Holy Ghost filled, maybe we can talk.
If not, I'm sorry.
I'm not interested.
I have to have people who hear the voice of the Lord.
I believe Charlie Kirk would still be here if he would have had better security and people that were baptized in the Holy Ghost around him.
I think it's a tragic situation that happened to that young man, and we're not going to have any repeats.
So, we're thankful for every single one of you that have been a part of this and being a part of our little YouTube community.
We sure love every single one of you.
What's in the news today?
Anything?
Did you want to show anything?
Did anything happen?
They blew up some boats, oil tankers, and things like that today.
I said they're determined to get that $200 a barrel.
And then Trump said we'll release 175 million barrels out of our strategic reserves to keep it from going to that 200, trying to suppress the oil price from going up.
Every decision he makes, there's a reaction to every reaction.
You know what will happen now?
You drain our strategic reserves.
I pray to God we're able to fill them before anything serious happens.
But it is a pretty big deal.
175 million barrels is a lot of oil out of our strategic reserves.
As I have talked to certain people, other prophetic people I know who hear the voice of the Lord, they said, 'Do you hear anything concerning President Trump's life?
' I said right now I feel a peace pushing him through, carrying him over, but I have great caution about Don Jr.
, and they said they feel the same thing.
So, one of our main missions tonight is to pray for Don Jr.
and for Eric, for his sons, because I believe President Trump is under a lot of protection, but his sons, we pray for more protection for Holy Ghost angels.
I already told you the outcome of that and what the Lord showed me in visions concerning that.
Now, we're going to go over a little bit of what we saw last night.
We're editing out my bad attitude.
Braden took that out.
I was embarrassed about it last night, and we'll put the prayer part back up.
It is what it is.
I'm human, but we're making it better and Braden's getting that ready.
I want to tell you what the Lord showed me last night in prayer.
If anybody stuck around for that and didn't leave because you were offended by my mouth, we got the emails.
I want to tell you I saw a woman.
I saw a woman with slicked-back hair with a ponytail.
She had olive skin.
I saw a man with curly hair.
I saw another man over here that had a beard and black hair.
All of them looking Middle Eastern.
They were getting ready for the Boston Marathon.
I saw them with jumpsuits on.
They were looking like they were stretching.
They were all talking in this little group like they were going to exercise together at this marathon.
But they had devices that were made to look like Coke cans.
As those Coke cans were hollowed out, the Lord allowed me to see this device inside of this looking Coke can that was the size of a grenade.
And as I saw inside of this, it had a remote detonator by a cell phone.
And they put these devices in trash cans all over the place to make it look like trash.
It was trash, but it was made by 3D printing and things.
As I was seeing this and as they were running, they would call a number and I saw a very, very dangerous situation as I was praying into that.
Now, do I know the timing?
It's like Diana said, it's like when I told my friend, I said, 'On a Tuesday, you're going to hear something about your job.
Something's going to come.
' One week went by, two weeks went by, three weeks.
I thought, 'Man, surely I missed it.
There's something not right about that.
' But I know I heard Tuesday something's going to happen.
His boss called him into his office and he was let go, fired on Tuesday.
It wasn't the report that I was seeing, but on Tuesday, he was fired.
I said, 'Something's going to happen to your job' on Tuesday.
He was let go on a Tuesday.
I see in part.
I tell my wife about certain private things in our marriage.
I say on Thursday this is going to happen.
It didn't happen that Thursday.
I saw it on a Wednesday.
It happened the next Thursday.
And she'll go, 'Brandon, do you remember the word of the Lord you gave me about Thursday?
It happened.
Today's Thursday.
' And she goes, 'That's amazing.
' We thought it was going to happen the next day in a 24-hour period, but another Thursday came by and it happened just like the Lord said.
And I said, 'Isn't that amazing?
' We always try to put God in a microwave thinking we know His timing.
We hear in part, see in part.
So, here I am.
I'm seeing about praying over Boston.
I'm praying over the barrels, all these things that the Lord has warned us about.
He specifically said, 'Watch Rosh Hashanah of this year.
It's a significant day.
It's a significant time frame for a major terrorist attack.
' I said, 'Lord, I don't know when is it.
' I saw the month of October highlighted.
I saw the month of September highlighted, but I didn't know when.
He said, 'Watch Rosh Hashanah of this year,' which was September 11th.
9/11 is Rosh Hashanah of this year.
Rosh Hashanah of this year is September 11th going into the 13th.
The Lord said this is a time to really watch, to pray over your nation.
9/11, we all know what happened on 9/11.
This is a Jewish festival, a feast day, one of their holy days of the year.
It's on 9/11.
And the Lord circled this to me and He bolded it.
Then He said, 'Fourth of July' was emboldened to me, watching Easter, which is the 5th of April, praying over our nation for Easter and for the 20th of April for these running events and all this, right?
I saw art festivals would try to be an attack for lone wolf experiences for mass shootings.
Art festivals in certain cities.
And the Lord specifically told me to pray over art festivals, that they were going to try to get sympathizers to rise up against the American people in the days ahead that were not necessarily terrorist cells.
They were just people that were like ISIS wannabes.
Lone wolf attacks.
The Lord said specifically last night to pray over art festivals, over running marathons, and over the Jewish festivals concerning our nation.
We had a shooting today at another synagogue.
I'm not very familiar with all of it yet.
We've been very busy today talking.
Braden, there was a shooting today that took place at a synagogue.
I don't know if anyone was harmed or if there were any fatal casualties, but I know that another thing was: was this a sympathizer or part of the terrorist organization?
Because I saw the terrorist cells of the people the Lord warned me to pray for because they're trying to be activated.
We will continue to pray for our president, his safety, for our law enforcement.
Look there.
I saw he said ISIS-like sympathizer.
ISIS sympathizer.
Yeah, that was a headline.
'Terror suspect and deadly assault.
' How many people got hurt?
And Virginia was subdued by students, officials say.
So, somebody had some courage and stopped this man.
We pray for our nation.
We're in a time where we're on high alert.
And people need to know this is whenever I told you, you must hear Him on every single day of where you're supposed to be.
If you feel in your spirit and you wake up that morning and you feel inside, 'I don't need to go that direction.
' Don't go.
It could be life and death.
Listen to the Spirit of God and let Him be your guide in everything you do.
Let that peace be your guide.
I had one friend say, 'I don't have peace about having this meeting.
I don't know why.
I was going to have it at this certain place.
I don't have peace about it.
' Follow your peace.
If you don't feel like that's the Lord telling you to do it, don't do it.
There are serious consequences for bucking that peace or avoiding it.
Follow the peace.
Test the spirits first.
Make sure it's not a spirit of forebodings.
If you have a spirit of forebodings bothering you, take authority over the spirit of forebodings.
The moment you start to take authority over the spirit of forebodings, you'll be able to have that because, instantaneously, when I start taking communion and anointing myself with oil and coming against the spirit of forebodings—because it can be a spirit of forebodings.
Because we see so much on the news and what we feed on, it comes and affects our thoughts.
So the moment you start having that, I bind the spirit of forebodings off of me.
You will not torment me.
If this is You, Holy Spirit, move on.
Speak on.
Help me.
You said in Your word, 'I will hear Your voice and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
' So, if that's You, Holy Spirit, speak on.
I bind the spirit of forebodings off of me and I will not be tormented by a familiar spirit trying to torment me, telling me, 'Don't do this, don't do that.
' Because you sit there and you yield to that, and the more you yield to that, you'll think, 'Oh well, I know that's the spirit of the Lord.
' And it's not the Lord; it's the devil and he's trying to torment you.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
Love never fails.
Love will guide you.
Love will help you.
Why?
Because God is love and He is not torment.
Torment is not of God.
Checking your spirit and having no peace is God saying, 'Hey, listen.
This is a warning.
' But you check it.
You test the spirit.
'Hey, is this a spirit of foreboding?
Is it a tormented spirit?
I bind you.
Get out of here in Jesus' name.
' And I tell you, communion, I pray now.
Holy Spirit, speak on.
Does that help you?
I hope that helps you.
That's what I've learned, because I used to walk around all the time: 'I feel something.
Oh my God, I feel something today.
I feel something.
Do you feel something, Diana?
You feel something, Braden?
Oh, I feel something.
I don't know.
I just know that there's something bad about to happen.
I can just feel it' every day of your life.
Do you think God's going to have you underneath that umbrella of dread, anxiety, and torment all the time?
'I feel—oh God—I feel something today.
' There's always something going on in the spirit, but God said, 'I want you to have life and life more abundantly, Braden.
You're not living in the full and overflow.
You're full of this dread all the time.
You've got to test the spirit, son.
' And so, I started doing that.
This is a spirit of forebodings.
Tell it to go.
And I started taking authority.
I started testing it.
'Is that You?
If it is, Lord, speak on.
Thank you.
I yield to You, Holy Spirit.
But I will not be tormented by this devil anymore.
' 'Well, I shouldn't go to the mall today.
Oh God, there's a devil and he's going to get me.
Oh God, there's a terrorist in the mall.
' And you walk in that fear.
Fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
My Father loves me.
My Father's got my back.
You know how many times I get a bad email and all the things that that spirit tried to raise up—the fear coming up in my heart.
'Oh God, I've got to go and hide.
I've got to get in a hotel now.
' I told Diana, 'Well, get your bags.
We've got to go.
' I said, 'No.
Hold on.
Test the spirit.
Test it.
Is that You?
Is this legitimate?
' I take authority over this spirit of fear.
I thank You, Lord, that God has not given me a spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
I have a balanced mind.
I have no fear.
I have peace that passes all understanding inside of me.
And if that peace is still there and you're not tormented, you can still have a warning.
You can still have correction, and He'll tell you, 'Yes, this is Me.
Go.
' Okay, I'm on my way.
And sometimes He'll test you to see if you're just hearing—are you listening?
This is a test.
Why do you have a test?
Because you know sometimes there might be an incident that's the real thing.
But you have fire drills in schools and tornado drills in schools because you're preparing the kids in case the real thing happens.
So God will test you.
He'll show you, 'Hey, I'm trying to get you to be familiar.
Don't ignore Me when I'm talking to you.
Don't cross the street, son.
Don't go to that playground.
Don't go to that place.
' Why?
I don't need a reason.
I just obey You.
I'm dead to myself.
I follow You.
Does that make sense?
Because the more you do that, the more you yield, the more you're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, that spirit of forebodings becomes less and less because I'm yielded to the Holy Ghost.
I hope that helped you tonight.
All right.
Who wants to pray?
Who wants to go tubing?
So, did I go over everything I saw last night?
Yeah, except you saw the trafficking and stuff and you're praying for those people.
We're praying over the trafficking.
I saw traffickers in this cartel—people in the back of a truck—and I saw this truck go in this, and there's going to be an incident in Mexico.
I can tell you exactly where it is on the map.
The Lord said there's going to be a shaking in the cartel in the days ahead.
I saw what I saw concerning turf wars coming again.
Major turf wars concerning the cartel.
Who's leading?
Who's being boss?
Who's the big guy on campus, basically?
And what's coming?
And I saw more big leaders being extinguished.
Major extinguishing.
So how do you like the picture so far?
Does anybody notice that there's a new camera tonight?
Not the iPhone.
Braden's practicing getting ready for the revival.
And we're excited.
We know what God is about to do in these last days.
I was so excited to see three videos ago the rubies and the sapphires and the gifts and the presence coming from the Lord for the bride.
The groom is about to—heaven and earth are going to collide, and we're about to experience heaven on earth in a way that we've never experienced before because the church is being wooed.
A presence is the only way I can say it; it is coming from the Father as heaven and earth collide and the glorious church is about to rise up like we've never seen before.
Anything else?
That's it.
Play that, hun, and I'll be right back.
Yes.
Play that video for them.
Let me see.
Maybe you all can hear it.
There we go.
My stream deck isn't working right now.
I don't know why, but we'll see what happens.
Right now, from Bill Melugin, the following reporter: 'Senior federal law enforcement confirms our reporting that the suspect is dead.
Additionally, I'm told the suspect's body is badly burned.
He was killed by armed security.
Bill is told that he ran the car into the building, had a rifle, got into a shootout with security who killed him.
The car was on fire inside, and that would obviously be the source of the smoke coming out of that building.
' So it would appear now that the immediate threat to the synagogue is over, but now we're dealing with the aftermath.
Terrible.
It's fine; you don't have to show anything else.
I'm drinking a lot of fluids today and I've got to pray now, and I don't want to have to think about going to the bathroom while I'm looking at stuff.
I'm down 15 pounds, but I'm drinking a lot of water and so, you know, it is what it is.
It keeps me more full drinking water during the day.
I've got tea tonight.
I'm thankful for my tea.
But if I drink it now, I'll have to go to the bathroom like five times before this thing's over with.
But isn't it amazing how your body flushes things?
It's like your body is a filter.
Boy, it's pretty interesting.
All right.
Let's take communion together.
Is there anything else you want to show Braden?
No, not really.
Do they notice the picture's different?
I can't see if they think it.
Do they see it looks different?
They say they notice it.
I look kind of flushed.
My eyes are red from my allergy.
I told you.
That looks terrible.
My eyes—I don't like Bradford pears too much.
Wow, they look jacked.
I may put some cream on them.
I didn't realize how red they were.
Well, they're watering, but that's all right.
We'll get through it.
All right.
Well, we love y'all.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
So, let's go ahead and take communion.
As I was praying over England last night, this is the first time this has ever happened.
I saw a man that was skinny.
He looked about 185 pounds.
He was Middle Eastern with a bald head, shaved head.
He looked military.
He had a green jacket on with a flannel-looking shirt and a black scarf-looking thing on his neck.
As I was seeing him in the spirit last night, he could see me.
And I've never seen that before.
But he locked eyes with me and he followed me as I was looking at him.
He never broke eye contact and kept looking at me.
Then, after I was out of his view, he turned his head and kept walking.
And I said, 'Pay attention to that man.
I've never experienced that before.
I don't know what that was.
' He knew I was looking at him.
And I thought, 'What?
What was that?
I've never experienced that.
' But he could see me somehow in the spirit, looking at him as I was watching him.
He was looking at me and we were looking at each other.
And I thought, 'This is way over the top right now.
I don't know what that was.
I've never experienced it, but the Lord specifically said this man was evil.
He was bad and he was going to try to do something to England.
' So, I don't give any glory to the devil.
I just thought it was very strange because I've never had somebody when I'm in the vision...
I'm usually the secret observer—I'm able to see things and hear conversations and do things for the Lord.
But this is the first time that I've ever seen somebody know that I was there.
And I thought, 'What in the world is that?
' I don't know.
And so, everybody, it's kind of different.
I just go, 'Whatever, devil, get out of here.
' I'm usually hidden.
I go to meetings all the time.
The Lord will take me and I'll go into meetings in the White House.
I'll go into big meetings in the Kremlin.
I'll go into big meetings in Kim Jong-un's cabinet.
I've been to all kinds of big business meetings and they don't even know I'm there.
Our Lord will allow me to hear what they're saying about investments, all kinds of things.
It's pretty interesting.
And I'll sit there and I will listen to the whole conversation and I'll hear banking meetings, big executives.
I'll hear them talking and the Lord will allow me to hear it and he'll say, 'I want you to listen to what they're talking about and this is concerning investments in the future.
This will be the next phase.
This will be about...
if you do this, it'll make you a lot of money.
' He'll just talk to me and I'll be able to see it.
It's pretty cool.
It happens a lot, but in this case, this guy was looking at me and I was like, 'This is really creepy.
' So it's like he knew I was there.
All glory to Jesus.
It isn't about Brandon.
I know it's cool to our family because I can tell you things have been said by big executives, but it's only what he allows me to.
I have no control over it.
I see in part, hear in part only what he wants me to see.
And those things I'll never bring public.
I keep it private between us because he never tells me to tell you.
So, we will take communion today and we will pray over our nation and over our president's son and over Iraq and over our bases.
Iran said today that they wanted to strike deep within our bases with new missiles, new things.
Isn't it amazing?
The Lord gave us the quote of 200 back in June.
$200 a barrel was the main one.
All in my opinion.
Not financial advice.
I am not a financial adviser.
All this is in my opinion.
But in my opinion, and I'm entitled to my opinion, look what Iran said today on Fox Business.
Iran threatens $200 oil barrels as US prepares for massive release of emergency petroleum reserves.
I told you he released 175 million barrels today.
That is a lot of barrels of oil trying to combat this because they are listening to the prophetic.
I warned them.
I told the people that I know that are close to them.
And so they're here.
They listen.
They watch us.
At least they're listening.
They know what's coming.
Gas lines over $8 a gallon nationwide.
All these things.
So he's trying to help that.
He doesn't want that to happen.
Why?
Because midterms are coming in November.
And I saw great distractions concerning September and October concerning midterms of this year to try to derail the election.
Then the Lord showed me China interfering with elections in America and eventually in Australia.
I don't know when Australia has an election, but the Lord specifically said that they would try to interfere with Australia's election in the future and with America.
China.
I love the Chinese people, but the government's kind of corrupt.
Just like some of our governments here, corrupt, but just like President Trump says, 'China.
' But we pray for Taiwan, too.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken.
I thank you, Lord, for the body that you took for us.
You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And by your stripes, we're healed.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper tonight.
I thank you, Lord, that we take this body and we remember what you did for us.
We have a covenant with you, that we don't have to have allergies.
We don't have to have colds and the pollen bother us.
I thank you, Father, that our minds are renewed regardless of fear and torment.
Father, I'm so thankful for your protection over me and my wife and my kids.
I thank you, Lord, that you have given us angels to keep charge over us that bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We thank you, Lord, for your covering, for your hand of blessing on us in the name of Jesus.
And we take this body and we believe we receive our healing according to Galatians that by your stripes we're healed.
I mean according to Galatians 3 that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law and 1 Peter that you have made us healed by your stripes, and I take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Thank God for Galatians 3.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
I thank you for the blood.
We make much of the blood.
We apply the blood uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you.
We apply the blood of Jesus all around us.
We thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice and a stranger's voice shall not follow.
If you want me to see anything, I yield to the anointing of the seer and the prophetic in Jesus' name.
We yield to it and we thank you, Lord, that we're filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
We apply the blood, and the angels of the Lord are round and about this house tonight.
I thank you, Lord, that we are not snared by anything and we hear you, God.
You lead us and you protect my wife.
You protect us, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that we're blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out, and you increase our finances.
You bless our hands; whatever we put our hands to prospers.
Bless Diana's hands, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
In the name of Jesus, everyone say, 'Amen.
' Amen.
We take the blood.
Now, we're going to jump right in the river here.
I really don't have a leading yet, so I'm trying to figure out where he wants me to go with this.
Okay, I say we pray over the Strait of Hormuz.
This is what I see right now immediately: the Strait of Hormuz.
You hear me?
That's what we're going to pray about, all over that area.
Father, we thank you, Lord, right now that all the water mines, all of the landmines, and all of the boats make it through.
I see the month of April.
It is bold to me concerning this area.
But this is interesting: all in the atmosphere above the boats, there is thick black smoke.
All in the atmosphere above the boat, all in the Strait is black smoke.
It looks almost like it would be nighttime; there is so much pollution in the air.
I see it building like a storm cloud.
All this black smoke is in there.
The sky is completely thick with black smoke.
We take authority over the black smoke.
We take authority over the boats, these ships, and these carriers.
We wait on you.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
It's all I see over the last weeks of March: an escalation of things in this area.
I see boats on fire.
I see major container ships on fire.
There is fire everywhere with boats that are leaking into the water.
This oil and this crude look like they are leaking into the water.
It looks like a mess.
Do you remember the BP oil spill back in the Gulf in the early 2000s?
This is what I see.
Oil spreading and moving in the water; dead fish coming up in it.
We call those things that be not as though they were, and we call this not to be.
We call for the hand of the Lord to be against this.
Help me jump in that river.
I see it clear, Lord.
He said, 'Remember the political theater.
' Drama.
More drama is what is tried to be put upon your nation strategically.
I see the lady again with the blonde hair.
Every plot, every plan, and every pursuit.
I see a grooming for this woman to become in political positions in a greater aspect, even like a Senate seat.
I see grooming for a House seat, a Senate seat, and a political position on a greater scale.
Candace Owens was supposed to be in this kind of position, but she went so far down this loony field and all these things; it eliminated what was supposed to be.
I am not attacking anybody; I am telling you what I see: that God had certain plans for certain individuals to rise up with more of a voice piece in politics and they start to lose their credibility.
Over time, this squeaky wheel becomes a gnawing to people.
It's annoying; it's a stench.
I see that in the spirit.
After a while, people cut it off; they don't want to listen to it because it becomes such an escalation of things, always something, and they get so hellbent on doing certain things.
The Lord has something so much more, but people get annoyed with this and they lose credibility over time.
This is a time of several months of praying into this.
But I see the one that tries to be the victim.
I'm just going to leave that there right now until I get more prayer over this.
He'll show me more.
If he wants me to talk about it, he'll tell me.
But I am just going to sit here and look over this real quick.
The Lord said, 'The first stages of what you were given several months ago are trying to manifest right now.
' It's just the first blade, the seeds.
This manifestation of what the Lord has warned us about, the very crack of the door, is just now beginning.
This is not innocent; it's the damsel in distress.
Yes, we pray.
This is phase one.
You're seeing phase one unfold of what you've been told, and there's a lot more to come.
This is why I'm calling the church to pray into things.
I see Jared again.
I see the errand boy.
I see this rising of this darkness, like a whirlwind around Jared.
In this, I see Europe and Ukraine.
I see a trying to negotiate peace with Ukraine and Putin.
I see a rising up of an Antichrist influence.
Influence as an ambassador.
I think it's because Rubio is so busy with Cuba, Venezuela, and Mexico in the days ahead.
From what I'm seeing, Rubio is going to be so tied up with these three nations that there will be another type of ambassador that will branch off for the Middle East and for Europe, almost like two Secretaries of State.
Two voice pieces, one going this way and one going that way.
But you'll see that great shaking in the Vatican that will bring them to their knees.
A great shaking.
I see a great shaking happening in Rome, Italy.
This great 8.
2, the great earthquake that will shake them.
Everything I'm praying right now is evolving.
The Vatican and this great shaking with this major earthquake that's about to take place.
Everything I'm seeing right now is about a shaking.
Now I see portals opening up concerning CERN with new developments of demonic satanic portals over Europe concerning that Hitler-type spirit that's being brought forth.
And I see the summoning, the pulling of this spirit of World War II on a greater scale.
I see tsunami warnings coming to Hawaii because of the Ring of Fire becoming so active.
I see great tsunami warnings coming to Hawaii.
I hear the sirens like air raid sirens in the air, similar to what we have with tornadoes here in Oklahoma.
I hear sirens blowing in the air in Hawaii, for a major earthquake is about to take place in Japan.
I see a shaking all around this area.
Do you remember what I used to tell you?
I saw Benjamin be taken out.
Pray for his safety.
I saw an attempt that was successful on his life.
We pray over this.
We pray over Benjamin.
Okay, now think.
I want to tell you what I see.
I see a viper that has been decapitated that is still alive even after it's decapitated with venom in its mouth that is ready, and it strikes.
I see a decapitated viper, like a black mamba, or it looks like a poisonous snake that has been decapitated that bites him.
The mouth of the snake is open and it looks dead.
The snake looks dead.
The snake doesn't have a body; the snake's just a head.
But the snake is not dead; it's out of reflex.
And as it's touched, the mouth closes and it injects the poison.
But I see the innards of that snake and it's still moving and it looks thrashing.
And as he picks up this snake, the snake has venom in these fangs that are sticking down.
And I see those fangs latching onto him.
It's like a poisoning.
I see the Lord show me a face of a mega-minister.
And in this mega-minister's face—this is somebody huge—he becomes transparent and his time on earth is through.
I see a man whose face becomes see-through and all I see is an outline.
His time on earth is about to be through.
You're about to see this man step over.
I see a man whose time is almost over.
I won't tell his name, but his season is almost over.
I see his face is fading out.
And as it fades out, a new face comes in that's young.
And it looks like the glory flowing through his eyes.
And he departs; it's time to go home.
Not everybody that goes home—you say, "Well, that's judgment.
" No, that's not judgment.
The Lord said it again; it's not judgment.
These are soldiers that just fulfilled their race.
It's time to come home.
Not every time you see somebody depart this earth and you say, "It's judgment.
" No, it's time to come home.
They've finished their race; it's time to rest.
They have assignments on the other side.
There's great things that I'll have them to do on the other side.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say there's great things.
I have great assignments.
We don't play harps and sit up there and eat grapes and sit around.
We're all busy doing something.
And the Lord said, "Don't sit there and think, 'Well, heaven, we're just going to sit around on our porch, on our mansion, and we're just going to drink Kool-Aid and sit out there and just enjoy our time, and we're not going to do anything.
'" No, we're on assignment.
We have things that he has for us to do.
In my case, I'd be drinking tea, not Kool-Aid.
So I like cherry Kool-Aid, but not anymore.
But I see him on the porch and that's not the way they're doing it.
These generals are about to step over and they're coming home.
Brandon, I'm passing the baton.
I've said it before: I'm passing the baton and getting ready for what's in store.
A greater race will you run.
The younger lions, the younger generation is about to take the baton and finish this strong.
They've led, and it's time for them to step over.
But I'm going to renew the ones that need to stay, for there'll be pillars in the Christian community this day and a great revival.
They'll be there to help instruct and tell you things.
And listen to your elders.
Don't get off in Flakyville.
To the younger ones that have younger legs: they want to run the race, they're full of energy.
And I see this younger generation about to really rise up.
And there'll be mantles and things that are passed and a great revival will come at last and a manifestation of the glory will be seen around all the earth.
And my son's return—he's standing at the door and he has great things in store.
And I see these elders going home that it's time to say their goodbyes.
He said, you'll see them saying their goodbyes.
They're saying their goodbyes and they'll just step on over.
There'll be many sad and there will be many that are glad.
It's the devil's crowd; they're glad.
But the Lord said they don't know what I have in store for the younger generation.
They're standing at the door, a greater revelation of my word and demonstrations and manifestations.
And I see them standing at the door, but as they're parting through the door, the younger generation walks through, and they're going to go.
But I have greater things in store: greater experiences, greater manifestations.
They've paved the way.
Some plant, some water, and God brings forth the increase.
It's the paving of the way.
So don't be despairing.
Oh no, they're gone.
What are we going to do?
I'm raising up greater ones to step on through to walk, and I'll raise up mantles on people that you've never seen before.
Greater works will you do—the closers.
But it's all bathed in prayer.
It's all about prayer.
More prayer, more intercession, more of the glory flowing through you through prayer.
For what happens in the spirit will happen first and then it will come into the natural.
The Lord said, "You want to have it in the natural, you got to birth it in the spirit first.
" And that's what we're doing: prayer, prayer, prayer.
And that will bring forth and you'll see the greater glory, the manifestations, the young generals, the young new ones taking the baton.
Now, not every case will be that you'll see these generals go home.
In some cases, it's judgment.
I warned them and I warned them and they've opened the door and, like Ananias of fire, you'll see them go home.
They'll be gone.
I hear it; it's coming.
A great shaking in my church, for 1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming to a full head now.
And judgment begins in the house of the Lord today.
Wake up every day with expectations for me to move through you with demonstrations and manifestations.
Wake up every day with expectation for manifestations, for the greater works.
Oh, that I've longed for a long time—longed for you to walk in the greater manifestation.
And walking in it boldly.
And boldly you'll walk in it, and greater works will you do, and manifestations will flow through you, for joint-heirs.
Oh, come up.
More prayer.
He said, "More prayer, more time with me, more fellowship with me.
" I have longed for you to see.
Oh mother, oh Brandon, they'll stay retire.
They'll think, "Oh, I'm retiring from my worldly job.
" But no, you may be retiring from your worldly job, but I've got a heavenly job for you.
You say, "Well, I just got a severance package.
" But the Lord said, "It's because I've opened a greater door for you today.
Don't be weary in what you see, because I have greater things for thee, and you'll be stepping out of what you thought.
" It's time for you to retire, but you're stepping into a heavenly call.
And the Lord said, "I have preserved you for such a time as this, and a greater manifestation's going to flow for you for this.
" You've just started your race.
You're mature; it's time.
And He said, "I freed you up.
" You said, "I want change, I want this.
" He said, "I've freed you up.
You think you got laid off, you think you lost your job, but I've given you a great promotion, and the glory is going to flow through you.
You're going to see the demonstrations and manifestations that you've always longed to see.
" I hear it, I see it, and I see people getting severance packages.
You say, "Well, at this company, I've been there for so many years.
" They said, "Well, you got some retirement; they're going to give it, they're going to bless you.
" And the Lord said, "I'm freeing you up because you're about to help me run this race.
I'm calling all hands on deck for what's about to happen: a shaking of the nations.
Fearful sights will you see that will bring you to your knees.
I'm bringing in the harvest and I'm bringing forth my laborers.
" You were tied down with that job, but I will provide.
I will take care of you, I will sustain you, and I will hold you in that cleft of the rock in my hand.
I will provide for you.
As you trust me and come up before me, don't be shaken by it.
Don't be worried, "Oh, what am I going to do?
" I'll provide for you.
This is for some elderly people this is happening to.
They say, "I wasn't meaning to retire yet.
I was just right there and they laid me off.
" These are people who were on the verge of retirement anyway, but the Lord said, "I freed you up.
You're looking at it as, 'What am I going to do?
I had just a couple more years and I'd have had full benefits.
I would have retired from all this.
'" But the Lord said He has a hand on it.
Don't worry about it.
"What are you going to do now?
" You're going to trust God like you always have; He's going to provide for you.
I don't know who that's for, but I heard it really clearly.
I heard a full anointing all over it.
I see them walking up to the door; they were so disappointed because they just wanted to finish out these couple more years.
And the Lord said He's freeing people up because of what's coming.
He's getting people ready for what's about to manifest in this earth.
Be looking for this, expect it.
You wanted to be used, you asked to be used.
More prayer, more fellowship with Him.
I'm not talking about people in their thirties.
I'm talking about somebody who looks like they're in their early sixties—I see gray hair.
That's what I'm talking about.
They're ready; it's the boomers.
God's going to use the boomers in these last days and the younger generation.
Oh, Father, it's funny.
I see the boomer getting irritated with the younger generation because they think so differently, but they're going to be patient working together.
It's an odd pair, huh?
An older boomer has a person with purple hair around; they don't know what to do with it.
But the Lord said they'll work great together.
I can see in the spirit: He walks up and says, "This is what I have to work with.
" Brandon, I say, "Yeah.
" It's funny because of the way the Lord said it; He walked to them and said, "This is examining the troops.
" I get so tickled by the Father; He has such a sense of humor.
Joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Oh Father, we thank You, we praise You.
Thank You, Jesus.
Father, we'll make it work.
Everything...
this is funny.
I just love the Lord; He's so funny.
I'm just glad to be here, Lord.
I'll help You, Father; we'll get it done.
It's time for breakthrough.
He said, "The joy of the Lord is your strength.
" You're an overcomer, and it's time to laugh.
Have fun, for the great days of fun have just begun.
Hear Him say, "Ho ho ho," for the overflow of His goodness and mercy is following you.
I see blinders upon the snakes that have tried to bother you.
They can't see you.
The things that have tried to hold you back with lack are being blinded today.
The Spirit of the Lord says the blinders are coming on their eyes.
I see them sticking out their tongues, trying to taste the air or the ground.
But I saw these black glasses come on the snake—like eclipse glasses—over the snake's eyes and nose.
It can't smell or taste you.
The Lord is bringing forth a cloaking over this demonic spirit that has been trying to oppress and suppress you, and He is breaking it off of your life in the name of Jesus.
Great victory, blessing, and increase on your life in Jesus' name.
You're going to see great manifestations for deliverance.
More people will walk in divine deliverance ministry.
Great deliverance ministries are being birthed now in Jesus' name.
I see great deliverance ministries casting out devils, for many doors have been opened and there's demonic oppression on my people.
He said, "Brandon, I've come to set the captives free.
" Deliverance is coming in great measures, without spot or wrinkle.
You're going to see great deliverances on people who have been walking bound.
I'm not saying possessed; I'm talking oppressed.
You've had depression and high things that have messed with your mind.
You've had things where you say, 'I always have this going on,' and it's been a stronghold on your life.
The strongholds are being broken off of you in the name of Jesus tonight.
That's the Lord.
I see deliverances being birthed out of people and in people.
I see a deliverance ministry.
And that's even for my father.
I see my biological father; I see him right now.
I see my dad.
He's going to do a deliverance ministry.
This is going to be birthed out of that church, and I see a deliverance ministry springing forth.
It's very clear.
You see, you don't know what to do; do what you know how to do, what's been inside of you.
That's what He says.
I see deliverance ministry.
'I trained you for this time.
I have trained you for this hour, and great deliverance ministry has been in you.
Walk in what I've called you to do.
It's not time to draw back with lack; it's time to press on with the things I've called you to do.
For there are many people that need deliverance through you, the Holy Ghost in you.
' That's what it means.
I see it very clearly today.
It's not going to be an easy road to go down.
There's a lot of spiritual warfare, but I have equipped you and assigned you, and it's time to come up higher and stop being down here on the ground wallowing around feeling sorry for yourself.
Come up higher.
He said, 'Come up higher.
' Discouragement comes when the waves try to knock you down, make you sad, and wear a frown.
It's the spiritual resistance because of what I put inside for cleaning up My bride.
That's what the Lord said.
That's from my biological father.
So if you need deliverance, I'll give you his number.
The Lord said, 'Get a number.
' There's going to be deliverance.
A lot of people need deliverance.
There are many people that don't know where to go because there's no church doing this.
The devil didn't disappear.
There are people walking around with oppressions and they need to be set free.
Start out small and then grow.
Be faithful.
Acceleration time, not deceleration.
Rest.
That's what the Lord said.
Run the race.
It's time to run a race.
It's not a time of sorrow.
What the cankerworm has eaten, I'll restore it back; I'll restore it back and there will be no lack.
But you have to trust in Me and run your race.
That's what the Spirit of the Lord says.
Thank You, Lord.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
Great is His faithfulness.
Great is the assignment.
Great is the race.
Establishing times.
A lot of you have calls that are dormant.
It's like when you're sitting there waiting and you see the baton getting ready to pass.
You start getting in your stride, and as they run up beside you, you grab a hold of that baton like in the Olympics and start running as fast as you can to help finish the race.
That's where we are right now.
The baton is being passed.
We've got the stride.
The runner behind us is coming.
Boom!
They grab it.
It's time to run.
We're running in a full-speed trot.
Grab it and finish.
The finish line is over here.
It's time to finish.
It's a changing of the guard.
The Lord says, 'I'm bringing forth My generals now, the next generation.
' Finish strong.
Hallelujah.
Are you excited about that?
I am.
I don't know about you, but I'm glad I came tonight.
That was fun.
I want to do it again.
I love His refreshing; I needed it.
I felt like I've been sitting underneath a waterfall.
I needed a fresh touch tonight so bad.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father.
Keep the main thing.
Don't get off into weirdness when it comes to deliverance.
Don't try to reinvent the wheel.
Don't be talking to devils; don't be asking things and communicating with the devil.
Tell them to get out.
Anoint them with oil.
I'm talking about mantles where you'll walk in a spirit of faith and authority, like my friend Billy Burke walks in.
He doesn't make a big deal when he sees a person that has a demonic spirit in his services.
He doesn't call it out.
I might say, 'Well, that lady has a devil,' and now she's freaking out, but he doesn't even pay attention.
The anointing breaks the yoke.
I see him lay hands on them, they fall out, and the glory comes, and they're delivered miraculously.
I don't ever see devils crying out, and Billy doesn't sit there and ask, 'What is thy name, devil?
' I've never heard him do it once.
I've seen Billy Burke walk in this many times.
He'll lay hands on people, and the power of God sets them free, completely cleaning them inside and out.
But he doesn't communicate with them ever.
He doesn't try to figure out their origin, their name, or how many there are.
He just tells them to get out, and the glory of the Lord comes on them.
Power of God!
They fall out, they lay on the ground, they get up, and they're free.
It doesn't make a big scene.
They don't have to go around growling and acting stupid, vomiting in the back.
Just get out in the name of Jesus.
You don't have to be bound by the devil.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have authority over the devil.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
I have experience in this.
I walked in it, and the devil used to torment me all the time.
I said, 'I'm not going to be tormented by the devil.
' You can walk in victory and life more abundantly.
God gave you everything you need.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, and it's time to come up higher in your walk with Him, not being bound by demonic spirits.
Just like Billy Burke; he doesn't make a big deal out of it.
He's a gentleman about it.
He doesn't try to freak the crowd out.
People who have a devil get free.
No packages, no carriers, no hitchhikers.
They can't have hitchhikers on you.
Get out of here, devil!
The more you are filled with the Holy Ghost and in overflow, the more He has of you.
I've seen the greater works you'll do.
I watch my friend Billy, and it's never a struggle.
Even if they were practicing witchcraft, he doesn't even ask.
The power of God hits them.
Charles Manson's grandson came to my friend Billy's service full of demons, and the power of God set that man free.
He got radically saved.
Charles Manson, he had his ashes in an urn.
Charles Manson's ashes in an urn and brought it to Billy Burke's office, and Jesus set this man free.
He had Charles Manson's ashes inside of this creepy guy, right?
But his family got free from generational things that were tormenting him from his grandfather or whatever it was—his father.
That's what I'm talking about.
But he didn't make a big deal about it.
He said he had a lot of passengers.
The man had a lot of passengers.
He had a lot of devils because his family was sick, right?
But Jesus set him free.
But he didn't make a big deal out of it, and he didn't embarrass him, and he didn't have to do anything crazy.
He would go up there and talk to him and sit him in the chair, and he's up there flipping around doing all this stuff.
The power of God just set him free.
You understand?
We make too much.
We make things that are flaky in the body of Christ and we draw attention to ourselves.
We draw attention to the devil.
We're not here to draw attention to the devil.
We're here to set the captives free.
Freely we've been given, freely we give it out.
My question to you tonight is, do you know my friend?
I know what it's like to be bound.
I know what it's like to be tormented.
I was a young man that was very troubled.
But I'm telling you, I had a call on my life and I felt it all my life, this pulling on the inside of me to do what I'm doing right now.
I yielded to it.
I stopped running.
I had Ronald tell me how many times from Romania, 'Brandon, you're running.
Brandon, you're running.
The Lord says stop running.
' I said, 'I ain't running.
' I was running.
I said, 'I yield, Lord.
' There's many of you that have been running.
You've had that pull on the inside of you over and over and over, but you keep running from him.
And you won't yield yourself over to him.
You say, 'Oh, later on, whatever.
I don't know how I'm going to make it.
' No, no, no, no.
I just yield.
I surrender all.
There's many of you that are backsliding.
You used to be on fire for Jesus.
You used to feel that presence around you, and over the course of time you've leaked out.
You didn't keep yourself full and you went back to what you were doing before.
And then there's the ones of you that have never had a relationship at all and you're here for the first time and you're like, 'What is going on with this service tonight?
Who is this guy?
' But I'm telling you, Jesus is standing at your door and he's knocking on your heart and he's asking you politely, 'Will you let me in?
Will you let me in?
Will you give me a chance?
I will turn your mess into a message.
I will blow on your sorrows and I will bring you joy.
' But the moment you yield your life over to him and say, 'Jesus, fix this.
' It's just like a child bringing a broken car to—like my Braden brings his toys or whatever as a little boy to me.
'Daddy, it's broken.
Can you fix it?
' I look and I say, 'I'll do my best.
Let me look at it.
' Oh, yeah.
It just needs a new battery, buddy.
Take it out.
Put the battery in there.
'Dad, it works again.
You fixed it.
' But it was something that didn't take much.
It's not hard to fix anything.
You understand?
It just needs a new battery.
Do you understand?
Jesus is standing at your door and he's waiting for you just to yield your life over to him.
He specializes in messed up lives.
And if you're here tonight and you say, 'Brandon, I can't live this anymore.
I just want a fresh, clean start,' I want to pray for you.
I'll say a simple little prayer for you.
And I believe as of today, from this day forward, your mess is going to come into a message.
And you'll be able to tell those that are around you, 'Look what Jesus has done.
If he did it for me, he'll do it for you.
' But first step, you've got to confess it.
And you've got to come up bold.
So if I'm talking to you right now and you feel that, 'Oh Brandon, I don't know about all that.
I don't need to do that tonight.
The Lord's never going to let me.
' I remember talking to my friend Barney.
He lived across the street from that yellow house I showed you last night.
He lived across the street.
I used to go over there and say, 'Barney, Jesus tells me to tell you you're getting ready to die.
You need him.
You need to get born again, Barney.
' He said, 'Brandon, I went to church once.
I'm a hypocrite.
I'll never get saved.
I'm never going to accept Jesus Christ.
He'll never want me.
He doesn't want nobody like me.
' I said, 'Barney, Barney, you're running out of time.
Jesus does love you.
He wants you to come home.
He wants you to get born again.
' I went over there.
The Lord would tell me he would walk down the street, I said, 'Say, Barney, stop.
I've got to talk to you.
' He said, 'Oh, I don't want to hear talk about Jesus again today.
' I said, 'I want to tell you you're getting ready to die, Barney.
You need to get Jesus.
' Tragically, Barney died.
He never accepted Jesus from me.
I don't know if he ever accepted him ever.
I remember the day my grandmother came over and she said, 'You know, last night Barney passed away.
' I thought, 'My God, I hope in his dying hour, in his dying seconds, he had enough inside of him to ask Jesus into his heart.
' That was tragic for me that day.
I remember thinking, 'My goodness.
' I remember talking to his son, Raymond.
He was across the street.
I said, 'Did you do—do you think your daddy...
' He didn't want to talk about religion either.
They were raised that way.
But tonight, you don't have to be Barney.
You don't have to run anymore.
Jesus loves you.
He's standing at the door.
He has his arms wide open to you.
'Will you just let me in?
Will you just let me in?
' I want you just to get real with God.
And the moment you get real with God, God will get real with you.
But you've got to stop running.
So I just want to say a simple prayer for you.
And if you feel this is calling you right now, if you feel in your heart that I just want to sell out to Jesus tonight, I want to give my life over to him, I want you to put in the comments section down below: 'Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
I'm not running no more.
Tonight's my night.
I want Jesus.
' But you've got to be bold.
Jesus died for you publicly.
He wasn't ashamed to die for you.
He died willingly and he loved you enough that he died on a cross in front of everybody.
But all I'm asking you to do is be bold about your faith tonight and tell the people, 'I want to be saved.
' Don't be ashamed.
Jesus wasn't ashamed of you.
He said, 'If you confess me before men, I'll confess you before my Father.
' So I want you right now, be bold about your faith.
I'm going to say this simple prayer for you and I want you to repeat it after me.
The moment you say it out of your mouth from the heart, I believe you're saved.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me with your precious blood.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on sin.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I dedicate my life to you.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again.
Thank you, Jesus, that you've forgiven me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Today is my new chapter.
Today is the day of my turnaround.
And I thank you, Lord, that if I was to die tonight, I will be with you in paradise forever.
I belong to you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that prayer, simple little prayer.
' I believe you just got born again.
Now, what do you do?
If you fall down and you mess up and you sin again, you run to God.
You don't run away from him.
"Well, I messed up again.
I know I'm not born again.
" No.
The moment you mess up, if you do, you run to God.
"God, I fell again.
Please help me.
" You run to him.
You don't hide like Adam and Eve did.
They were all scared.
They were out there wondering what happened.
He knew what they did.
It wasn't a shock and awe to the Lord when Adam and Eve messed up.
He knew.
He was like, "Let me fix you up again.
Let me help you out.
" That's what you're going to do today.
If you mess up again, you run to him.
Say, "Lord, I repent.
" Now, I would go to a Bible-believing church.
I would go to a non-denominational church.
You can go there, tell the pastor there, "I need to be water-baptized.
" I want to get water baptized.
Plug yourself in there.
Go on Sundays.
Go on Wednesdays.
Go to a prayer group, whatever they have going on there.
Get plugged in.
Make sure they are radical.
Get excited about it.
Learn about what you receive in Christ.
Learn about things.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Speak in tongues.
Get the book 'Why Tongues' by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
You'll learn more and more about tongues and what I've been praying in the spirit.
Pray in tongues.
Get radically born again and do all the things you need to do and get plugged in.
If you don't have a Bible and you're in the United States of America, my wife and I will buy you your first Bible tonight for free.
We want to do it as a blessing, but you've got to email us in the description down below and put in the headline, "I got born again tonight, and I would like a free Bible.
" Diana, my wife, will send you the Bible absolutely for free.
But we have to have your address, your name, and everything so we can send it to you.
Don't just email us and say, "I got saved.
" We have to know your address, or we can't send it to you.
And so, we want to celebrate your decision tonight by just telling you we love you.
If you could like, subscribe, and click the notification bell, be a part of our prayer group.
We're believing to raise up a million men and women, all to the glory of God for the end-time army, to pray for the nations and for people.
That's what our channel is.
Prayer changes things.
We put foundation there because we believe it's the foundation for everything.
Prayer is the foundation for everything.
We're not a foundation, but we are a church.
And we have services almost every day here on YouTube.
I try to start them about nine o'clock every night.
So, we welcome you to come back.
We're excited you're here tonight.
There are 54 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
54 people.
Welcome to the family.
Welcome.
I'm so glad you're not running anymore from Jesus.
All 54 of you, welcome home.
We're excited you're here.
That's wonderful.
Out of 7,400 people, 54 of you gave your heart to Jesus, and so you just did the best thing you could ever do.
I pray if you're in a good area, you find a good Bible-believing church.
You have to get plugged in.
Do not go back to what you used to do before and say, "Well, I'm going to go hang out with the crowd I used to.
" Tell them, "Hey, come with me to church.
Come with me.
I feel different inside.
" You'll feel it; the Holy Spirit's become real to you.
Father, I thank you that you become so real to them, that you become their friend and you're closer than a brother.
I ask you, Father, any baggage, anything that they have, Father, they brought it to you at this altar today and they dedicated their life to you.
Father, I thank you that you become so real to them, that you are just like the next breath, fresh air to anybody that's breathing.
They will know you and they will hear your voice for they are now your sheep.
You are his sheep, and he said in his word that a stranger's voice they shall not follow.
Welcome to the family.
All 54 of you, welcome to the family.
And there'll be many more that watch this video in the days ahead that will give their heart to Jesus Christ.
I believe on this video alone we'll get 150.
You believe with me?
I always stretch out and say, "How many people got saved?
" because he puts it all over South Korea, Japan, the Philippines, Russia, France, and over Portuguese and Spanish translations all around the world and there'll be many people who watch this video in the next week.
So, I'm so excited.
I pray to God that it ministers to people and that they get a touch from the Holy Ghost.
But we're excited you're here tonight.
I don't feel led to do anything else, so I bless you all in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We'll be back tomorrow.
We'll pray again.
We'll keep praying for the nations.
We pray for Cuba.
Pray for President Trump.
Father, again, I thank you, Lord, that President Trump hears your voice and a stranger's voice will not follow.
That refreshing is over him.
That he sleeps soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, that he has wisdom on those that he's putting around him, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
I thank you that the Strait of Hormuz, the bombing and all the smoke that I saw coming up out of the boats, Father, does not happen.
Everything is lining up for these end-time events for the end-time harvest.
We pray, but we know we're going to see some things and we're not afraid.
We're excited because we know our redemption is drawing nigh.
I bless every single one of you.
I bless you as you go to work tomorrow.
I bless you as you sleep tonight.
I thank you Lord that your hand is on them and their marriages are restored.
Their children are coming home and the great favor of God is on your life and everything you put your hands to will prosper.
I bless your finances.
I bless your health.
And I thank you, Father, that you've called every single one of these people to your kingdom for such a time as this.
And we yield to you to do what you've called us to do in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everyone say amen and amen.
We love you all.
Thank you for joining us.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.